README.md, before:

# DeepFace

This is a directory to two software tools used in ["DeepFace: A High-Precision and Scalable Deep Learning Pipeline for Predicting Large-Scale Brain Activity from Facial Dynamics in Mice"](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/40661434/).


## [`mediaGUI`](https://github.com/khicken/mediaGUI)
Use this tool to preprocess gigabytes of facial video data to a single concatenated video, which is used to train DeepFace.

**Please see [mediaGUI](https://github.com/khicken/mediaGUI) for installation instructions.**

## [`sleapGUI`](https://github.com/khicken/sleapGUI)
This tool incorporates the optimized parameter combination specifically identified for large scale facial video analysis, enabling accurate and efficient large-scale orofacial data processing beyond the default SLEAP GUI.

**Please see [sleapGUI](https://github.com/khicken/sleapGUI) for installation instructions.**


## Usage Demo
\[currently making tutorial video on how to use DeepFace pipeline\]


## Citation
If you use any components from this repository in your research, please cite the relevant publications associated with each module as specified in their respective README files.

Commit message:

Add troubleshooting section to README
Added troubleshooting section for technical questions.

README.md, after:

# DeepFace

This is a directory to two software tools used in ["DeepFace: A High-Precision and Scalable Deep Learning Pipeline for Predicting Large-Scale Brain Activity from Facial Dynamics in Mice"](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/40661434/).


## [`mediaGUI`](https://github.com/khicken/mediaGUI)
Use this tool to preprocess gigabytes of facial video data to a single concatenated video, which is used to train DeepFace.

**Please see [mediaGUI](https://github.com/khicken/mediaGUI) for installation instructions.**

## [`sleapGUI`](https://github.com/khicken/sleapGUI)
This tool incorporates the optimized parameter combination specifically identified for large scale facial video analysis, enabling accurate and efficient large-scale orofacial data processing beyond the default SLEAP GUI.

**Please see [sleapGUI](https://github.com/khicken/sleapGUI) for installation instructions.**


## Usage Demo
\[currently making tutorial video on how to use DeepFace pipeline\]

## Troubleshoot
If you have a technical question with either [`mediaGUI`](https://github.com/khicken/mediaGUI) or [`sleapGUI`](https://github.com/khicken/sleapGUI), then feel free to request a "New Issue" in the "Issues" section for the respective GUI.

## Citation
If you use any components from this repository in your research, please cite the relevant publications associated with each module as specified in their respective README files.
